README.md, before:

# Voronoi-Delaunay

This is an implementation and visualization of [Voronoi diagram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voronoi_diagram) and [Delaunay triangulation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delaunay_triangulation) in C#.

In this implementation, Voronoi diagram is obtained from generating its dual, Delaunay triangulation. And Delaunay triangulation is derived in a very simple manner, [Bowyer-Watson algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bowyer%E2%80%93Watson_algorithm). The most naïve implementation of Bowyer-Watson algorithm takes O(n^2) time. But I referenced [a JavaScript implementation](https://github.com/ironwallaby/delaunay) of [@ironwallaby](https://github.com/ironwallaby) to improve the time complexity by sorting the points by x-coordinate and using an open list and a closed list to store Delaunay triangles in each insertion of point.

For Deriving Voronoi diagram, I used a data structure of storing each point with a triangle list containing all the triangles incident on it. Thus, by traversing the triangle lists of the two end points, I can directly find the two adjacent triangles of a certain Delaunay edge and connect the centers of their circumcircles. As Delaunay triangulation is a planar graph, the procedure of finding adjacent triangles takes constant time and the total time of generating Voronoi diagram is O(n).

In addition, I also wrote another version that shows the Bowyer-Watson algorithm step by step in [the animation branch](https://github.com/IsaacGuan/Voronoi-Delaunay/tree/animation) of this repository.

![voronoi-delaunay](/voronoi-delaunay.bmp)

Commit message:

add my blog article link in README.md

README.md, after:

# Voronoi-Delaunay

This is an implementation and visualization of [Voronoi diagram](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Voronoi_diagram) and [Delaunay triangulation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delaunay_triangulation) in C#.

In this implementation, Voronoi diagram is obtained from generating its dual, Delaunay triangulation. And Delaunay triangulation is derived in a very simple manner, [Bowyer-Watson algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bowyer%E2%80%93Watson_algorithm). The most naïve implementation of Bowyer-Watson algorithm takes O(n^2) time. But I referenced [a JavaScript implementation](https://github.com/ironwallaby/delaunay) of [@ironwallaby](https://github.com/ironwallaby) to improve the time complexity by sorting the points by x-coordinate and using an open list and a closed list to store Delaunay triangles in each insertion of point.

For Deriving Voronoi diagram, I used a data structure of storing each point with a triangle list containing all the triangles incident on it. Thus, by traversing the triangle lists of the two end points, I can directly find the two adjacent triangles of a certain Delaunay edge and connect the centers of their circumcircles. As Delaunay triangulation is a planar graph, the procedure of finding adjacent triangles takes constant time and the total time of generating Voronoi diagram is O(n).

In addition, I wrote another version that shows the Bowyer-Watson algorithm step by step in [the animation branch](https://github.com/IsaacGuan/Voronoi-Delaunay/tree/animation) of this repository. You can also go to [my blog](https://isaacguan.github.io/2017/12/22/Implementation-of-Voronoi-Diagram-and-Delaunay-Triangulation/) for more specifics of the implementation.

![voronoi-delaunay](voronoi-delaunay.bmp)
